Created README (#1)
testomatio/java-check-tests: README.md

# Java-Check-Tests

Command-line interface for the Testomat.io Java Reporter library.

## Usage

This CLI tool can be used to:

> - Export your test source code to the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Export your test source code to Testomat.io
```
